introduce the hubspot engagement table to adjust the joins in int_hub… (#13)
fivetran/dbt_unified_rag: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_unified_rag v0.1.0-a4

## Breaking Changes
- Added the hubspot `engagement` source table to the package and made the following updates:
    - Added `stg_rag_hubspot__engagement` model as part of the hubspot staging models.

>     - Updated `int_rag_hubspot__deal_document` to adjust the method that `hubspot_engagement_*` models are joined by leveraging the `hubspot__engagement` table as the intermediary joining table for the `engagement_contact` and `engagement_company` tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Updated `int_rag_hubspot__deal_document` joins so that `stg_rag_hubspot__engagement` table served as the intermediary joining table for the `stg_rag_hubspot__engagement_contact` and `stg_rag_hubspot__engagement_company` tables.
```

This was a bit confusing to read. I reworded it, let me know your thoughts.

    - Updated `int_rag_hubspot__deal_document` to retrieve `engagement_type` from the hubspot `engagement` table as opposed to the `engagement_emails` and `engagement_notes` tables. As such, removes their respective references as they are no longer used in this model.

## Under the Hood

> - Updated the unique key in `rag__unified_document` to include `chunk_index`. Previously, the unique key was a combination of only `document_id`, `platform`, and `source_relation`, which was potentially inaccurate if there were multiple chunks associated with a document.

Author: Good point, updated

> - Updated the unique key in `rag__unified_document` to include `chunk_index`. Previously, the unique key was a combination of only `document_id`, `platform`, and `source_relation`, which was potentially inaccurate if there were multiple chunks associated with a document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the `unique_id` in `rag__unified_document` to include `chunk_index`. Previously, the unique key was a combination of only `document_id`, `platform`, and `source_relation`, which was potentially inaccurate if there were multiple chunks associated with a document.
```

# dbt_unified_rag v0.1.0-a4

## Breaking Changes
- Added the hubspot `engagement` source table to the package and made the following updates:
    - Added `stg_rag_hubspot__engagement` model as part of the hubspot staging models and updated relevant documentation.
    - Updated `int_rag_hubspot__deal_document` joins so that `stg_rag_hubspot__engagement` table joins first over the `stg_rag_hubspot__engagement_contact` and `stg_rag_hubspot__engagement_company` tables to bring in all necessary engagement records.
    - Updated `int_rag_hubspot__deal_document` to retrieve `engagement_type` from the hubspot `engagement` table, as opposed to the `engagement_email` and `engagement_note` tables. As such, removes their respective references as they are no longer used in this model.

## Bug Fix (`--full-refresh` required when upgrading)
- Updated the `unique_id` in `rag__unified_document` to include `chunk_index`. Previously, the unique key was a combination of only `document_id`, `platform`, and `source_relation`, which was potentially inaccurate if there were multiple chunks associated with a document.

## Under the Hood

> - Updated the *hubspot_x* seed data and *get_hubspot_x_columns* macros with the new `category` field where relevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the `hubspot_*` seed data and `get_hubspot_*_columns` macros with the new `category` field where relevant.
```
